= 4.	External Interface Requirements =
== 4.1	User Interfaces ==
The User Interface will consist of the main game window that will show the main character and any NPCs, enemies, obstacles, scenery, background images, and items that are within the view distance of the character.  Any combination of these objects may be displayed at any time given the number of situations a player could get his/her character into.

Along with the main game screen will be a number of other static displays to provide information to the user.  These displays include a status bar with information on the amount of health, money, ammo, and a player has, a minimap that will show the players current location in relation to the obstacles surrounding him/her, a collapsible inventory/character info screen that will display what items the player currently possesses as well as what he/she has equipped, and a menu that contains options such as sound settings, and an exit option.

The last thing displayed on the game window will be a crosshair (different for different weapons) to show the player where his/her character is currently aiming.  The crosshair will follow the player’s mouse movements to allow for the most accurate aiming.

== 4.2	Hardware Interfaces ==
The user will control his/her character using a keyboard and mouse.  The keyboard will be responsible for movement (W, A, S, and D for up, left, down, and right respectively), selecting specific weapons (number keys), interacting with NPCs (E), reloading his/her weapon (R), accessing the inventory/equipment screen (I), using a specialty item, such as grenades, mines, etc. (Q), using a health pack (F), and accessing the menu (ESC).

The mouse will be used for aiming the characters weapon (mouse position), shooting (left-click), cycling through equipped weapons (scrolling the mouse-wheel up and down), and a possible activating/deactivating aiming down the sights of the weapon may be added (this would increase accuracy and damage, but reduce movement and defense) (right-click).
== 4.3	Software Interfaces ==
The only software interface required to use the software is a Windows Operating System
== 4.4	Communications Interfaces ==
A communication Interface will only need to be setup in the event that we integrate an online scoreboard or a multiplayer game mode.  In the event that these features are implemented, the user will be required to use the Internet Explorer web browser to access the game/scoreboard.  The software will need to be able to communicate with a server that will keep track of the players items, status (health, ammo, etc.), and location, as well as the high score players.
= 5.	Other Nonfunctional Requirements =
== 5.1	Performance Requirements ==
=== 5.1.1 Game Mechanics ===
When a zombie is hit with a bullet, the damage should be registered within a half a second.  Also, the ammo indicator should reflect the loss of ammunition within the same time frame.  The collision detection for when a zombie hits a player should react in the same time frame as well.  When a zombie enters the visible view, it should be indicated on the radar.