= 2.	Overall Description =
== 2.1	Product Perspective ==
_Psychomachia_ is a self-contained product that is meant to develop the software engineering skills of the team members.  The story is a creation of the game designers.
== 2.2	Product Features ==
The game is primarily going to be a single-player, offline game with a local high score list.  An achievement system to reward players for accomplishing a task will also be needed.  The user will also be able to upgrade their character’s abilities as well as upgrade the various weapons they will encounter during the game.  Because of this, there must be the ability to save and reload a game.

The perspective on the game will be 2D and the camera will come from a top-down view.  The AI will be very basic as the enemies are zombies, but the “boss” zombies will be smarter.  The user will be presented with a simple interface to display pertinent game information (4.1).
== 2.3	User Classes and Characteristics ==
_Psychomachia_ will have one main user class, that being the player.  Members of this user class will vary greatly, but will possess a few common traits.  A member will be familiar with basic keyboard and mouse mechanics and will likely have experience with other games that run in a similar manner.
== 2.4	Operating Environment ==
The game will be guaranteed to work in the Windows environment, and specifically tested on Windows XP and Windows 7.  It will run as a standalone executable file and should not interfere with any existing systems.  The game will require the use of a keyboard and mouse to operate.
== 2.5	Design and Implementation Constraints ==
The game will be created using the Game Maker 8.0 software, so design and implementation will be limited by what Game Maker, and any extension libraries, allow us to do.  The utility of the software will be expanded slightly because we’ll be using the Pro edition of Game Maker, which will allow extensive use of the proprietary Game Maker Language.
== 2.6	User Documentation ==
A user manual that describes the story and game mechanics will be provided so that the player can learn the controls of the game.  A simpler version of the user manual will be available in the actual game for a quick reference.
== 2.7	Assumptions and Dependencies ==
There are no extenuating assumptions or dependencies for the project.